added --set-high-watermark and --remove-high-watermark subcommands (#219)
Consensys/doc.web3signer: docs/reference/cli/subcommands.md

### `watermark-repair`

> Updates the [slashing protection low watermark or high watermark](https://eips.ethereum.org/EIPS/eip-3076) for all validators.
> This will not move the low watermark lower, the low watermark can only be increased. If setting the high watermark, 
> care should be taken to set this to a future epoch and slot. Setting a high watermark will prevent the validator from signing at or beyond this point.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Updates the [slashing protection low or high watermark](https://eips.ethereum.org/EIPS/eip-3076) for all validators.
You can only increase the low watermark, not decrease it.
If you set the high watermark, you should set this to a future epoch and slot.
Setting a high watermark prevents the validator from signing at or beyond this point.
```

<!--/tabs-->

> Low watermark to set the attestation source and target to. (Sets high watermark epoch when --set-high-watermark=true).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Low watermark to set the attestation source and target to.
(Sets the high watermark epoch when [`--set-high-watermark`](#set-high-watermark) is `true`.)
```

<!--/tabs-->

> Low watermark to set the block slot to. (Sets high watermark slot when --set-high-watermark=true).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Low watermark to set the block slot to.
(Sets the high watermark slot when [`--set-high-watermark`](#set-high-watermark) is `true`.)
```

#### `remove-high-watermark`

<!--tabs-->

# Syntax

```bash

> --remove-high-watermark=<BOOL>

Reviewer: ```suggestion
--remove-high-watermark=<BOOLEAN>
```

```

# Example

```bash
--remove-high-watermark=true
```

# Environment variable

```bash
WEB3SIGNER_REMOVE_HIGH_WATERMARK=true
```

# Configuration file

```bash
watermark-repair.remove-high-watermark: true
```

<!--/tabs-->

> Removes high watermark. When set to true, all other subcommand options are ignored. (Default: false)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Removes the high watermark.
When set to `true`, all other `watermark-repair` options are ignored.
The default is `false`.
```

#### `set-high-watermark`

<!--tabs-->

# Syntax

```bash

> --set-high-watermark=<BOOL>

Reviewer: ```suggestion
--set-high-watermark=<BOOLEAN>
```

```

# Example

```bash
--set-high-watermark=true
```

# Environment variable

```bash
WEB3SIGNER_SET_HIGH_WATERMARK=true
```

# Configuration file

```bash
watermark-repair.set-high-watermark: true
```

<!--/tabs-->

> Sets high watermark to given epoch and slot. (Sets low watermark when --set-high-watermark=false). (Default: false)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Sets the high watermark to the specified [epoch](#epoch) and [slot](#slot).
(Sets the low watermark when [`--set-high-watermark`](#set-high-watermark) is `false`.)
The default is `false`.
```
